feature: [ceiling scrape size] ceiling the last scrape size (#10308)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/) and [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): ceiling the last scrape size as an integer in kilobytes to avoid misleading dots. See [#10307](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10307).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/) and [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): improved scrape size display. Sizes below 1024 bytes are now shown in `B`, and larger sizes are shown as whole `KiB` (rounded up). This prevents confusion where values like 123.456 were interpreted as 123 KiB, while the actual size was only 123 B. See [#10307](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10307).
```

Reviewer: I guess `123456 KiB` should be ` 123.456 KiB` ? Otherwise looks good.
